{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green60\blue60;\red0\green95\blue206;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c23529\c23529\c23529;\csgenericrgb\c0\c37255\c80784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb30\sa135\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 About the dataset
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf0 This dataset includes 33 participants, each with brain responses to six levels\
of heat (44.3 - 49.3 degrees C in one degree increments, which generally span the range from non-painful to painful). For each participant, a .nii image is included with 6 brain volumes (one per intensity level, in ascending order). A metadata file includes the temperature and average pain rating per subject per temperature. \
Aspects of this data appear in these papers, among others:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb30\sa135\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejmoa1204471"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Wager, T.D., Atlas, L.T., Lindquist, M.A., Roy, M., Choong-Wan, W., Kross, E. (2013). An fMRI-Based Neurologic Signature of Physical Pain. The New England Journal of Medicine. 368:1388-1397}}\
(This study is Study 2 of the paper).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb30\sa135\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://journals.plos.org/plosbiology/article?id=10.1371/journal.pbio.1002036"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Woo, C. -W., Roy, M., Buhle, J. T. & Wager, T. D. (2015). Distinct brain systems mediate the effects of nociceptive input and self-regulation on pain. PLOS Biology. 13(1):e1002036. doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1002036}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb30\sa135\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811915009982"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Lindquist, Martin A., Anjali Krishnan, Marina L\'f3pez-Sol\'e0, Marieke Jepma, Choong-Wan Woo, Leonie Koban, Mathieu Roy, et al. 2017. Group-Regularized Individual Prediction: Theory and Application to Pain. NeuroImage. 145:274-287.}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb30\sa135\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://academic.oup.com/cercor/article/30/7/4204/5811924?login=true"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Stephan Geuter, Elizabeth A Reynolds Losin, Mathieu Roy, Lauren Y Atlas, Liane Schmidt, Anjali Krishnan, Leonie Koban, Tor D Wager, Martin A Lindquist, Multiple Brain Networks Mediating Stimulus\'96Pain Relationships in Humans, Cerebral Cortex, Volume 30, Issue 7, July 2020, Pages 4204\'964219. }}\
}