{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 experiments with different error variance\
\
causes:  poor HRF fits, nonlinearity, physio noise diffs, mechelli papers, \
\
\
\
IMPROVEMENTS in GA:\
\
- seed with block designs, m-sequences\
- seed with Sokol or whatever choices to sample space evenly\
\
- translate efficiency into power using reference effects\
\
- include physiological noise covariates in design - to avoid noise\
\
- change scaling of efficiency to reflect real gains - so the algorithm\
	won't work hard for a small gain\
\
- adapt the weighting function for contrast and HRF efficiency to do the above:\
	optimize real gains\
\
- improve nonlinearity estimate?\
\
- optimize parameters such as : length of design, TR, jitter with mult conditions (GA2).  \
- length optimization can be done to enforce minimum power requirements?\
\
- use convolution matrix H instead of looping\
\
-d-opt?  look at power and false positives under different "true" effects.  This may be where the extra cost of colin of coefficients comes in.\
\
\
- spm_power()\
- WE can get individual and group power, and recover reference effects (power) from an actual design.  the key is to estimate intrasubject and intersubject variance components.  using baysian/MLE?  or simply compute the intersubject variance and the contribution from each subject.  \
- how much group var does individual sigma translate into?  \
\
\
- for a particular design, we want:  efficiency, 80% power, group eff, 80% grp power\
\
}