{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 CenturyGothic-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green6\blue240;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww5880\viewh19560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Inverse Logit Hemodynamic Response Estimation Toolbox
\fs24 \
\

\f1\i\b\fs28 Version:
\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \
12/12/06, Last Edit: 12/12/06\
\

\f1\i\b\fs28 Authors:
\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \
Martin Lindquist, Dept. of Statistics, Columbia University\
Tor Wager, Dept. of Psychology, Columbia University\
\

\f1\i\b\fs28 Reference:
\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.columbia.edu/cu/psychology/tor/Papers/Model_hrf-1.doc"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \ul \ulc2 Lindquist, M. and Wager, T. D.\'ca (in press). Validity and Power in Hemodynamic Response Modeling:\'ca A comparison study and a new approach.\'ca \ulnone Human Brain Mapping (2007); early version available online.}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\i\b\fs28 Purpose:\
\

\f0\i0\b0\fs24 This toolbox will estimate parameters for a flexible hemodynamic response function (HRF) using three superimposed inverse logit functions. The HRF is fit using seven parameters, and can capture a variety of HRF shapes, including sustained activations.  \
\
Main inputs include a data timeseries and indicator (stick) function for the onsets of events.
\f1\i\b\fs28 \
\

\f0\i0\b0\fs24 The function can be used with ROI timeseries or incorporated into whole-brain HRF-estimation tools.
\f1\i\b\fs28 \
\

\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f1\i\b\fs28 Main Functions:\

\f0\i0\b0\fs24 \
(Specific help for each function is available by typing\
>> help myfunctionname \
at the >> matlab prompt.)\
\
Example.m\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Example script that loads example timeseries data and fits the model.  Plots results.\
\
Anneal_Logit.m\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Main function for fitting inverse logit (IL) HRF estimate to timeseries.\
Simulated annealing is built into function as a solution-finder.\
\
Get_Logit.m\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Create HRF estimate from IL parameters\
\
cost.m\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Least-squares cost function for the IL model\
\
}